Description of memhack functionality:
For the memhack, the password can have a maximum of 32 
characters, so we first start with passwords of length 1 and
work our way up. We try each possible character, and place our
guess one byte before protected memory, that way if our guess
is correct it will move to the next byte and segfault, telling
us we made a correct guess. If that our last guess was the last
character in the password then we will have guessed the correct
password, otherwise we move to the next character, placing our
current guess just before protected memory, leaving the last
byte before protected memory free for our next guess. We 
continue until our guess is the full password.

Description of timehack functionality:
For timehack, again the password can be 32 characters, so we
start with passwords of length 1 and move up. We try each 
possible character, and check our current guess 101 times and
record the time it takes for check_pass to work. If a character 
took longer than every other character, chances are that 
character was right and check_pass went to check the next 
character. So we add that character to our guess and move on to
the next position, until check_pass succeeds and we get the
correct password.

References used:
Discussion Slides from Friday
